Add bit_count function. (#7135)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/stdlib/numbers.rst

------------

.. eql:function:: std::bit_count(val: int16) -> int64
                  std::bit_count(val: int32) -> int64
                  std::bit_count(val: int64) -> int64

>     Count the number of set bits in an integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Return the number of bits set in the binary representation of the absolute value of the integer. This is also known as the population count.
```
